=======================================================================
YOU NEED YOUR OWN 511 API TOKEN IN APPLICATION YML TO RUN THIS PROJECT!
APPLICATION YML IS GENERATED BY RUNNING `bundle exec figaro install`
=======================================================================

Game plan

Effectively just a UI for the api provided by 511

Front-End focus

Testing will sadly be just about nonexistant since most of this takes place in the front end
and time will likely not permit learning a whole JS testing framework.
The things that the back end does rely almost entirely on the API, which should be tested by them.
(Although, they do like to list routes that they don't track stops for, what's with that?)

Skip geolocation part.
I don't live in SF area, and although I can spoof my geolocation,
I can't spoof the knowledge required to know if my geolocation actually works or not
since I don't really know the area at all.

Simple single page application
Make requests to 511.org for specific information.

Maybe Use Redis to cache this information if time permits
//Caching
Since the 511 api request structure is the same no matter when you're making the request,
all we do is create a Redis entry where the key is the request URL and the value is the
returned XML. Make it expire every minute.

Basic User Flow
List all Agencies
When agency is clicked, list all routes for that agency.
When route is clicked, list all stops for that route.
When stop is clicked, show departure times for that stop.


// Api controller
Make request when user clicks and info is needed.
4 basic types of requests - Non restful routes since we don't really have a model.

get_agencies - Wraps api request for GetAgencies
get_routes - Wraps api request for GetRoutesForAgency
get_stops - Wraps api request for GetStopsForRoutes
get_departures - Wraps api request for GetNextDepartureByStopCode


// View controller
Render the view, only with agencies.
